README.md, before:

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->
<a name="readme-top"></a>

# Hubble Live Applet for Tidbyt

## Description
Presents the current observation status of the Hubble Space Telescope as provided by the [Space Telescope Science Institute][stsci] website, [Space Telescope Live][space-telescope-live].

![Hubble Live for Tidbyt][app-gif]

Check out the [Tidybt][tidbyt-url] for an awesome information display for your home. If you are intereasted in developing for the Tidbyt, check out the [Tidbyt Developers Page][tidbyt-dev-url].

[Tidbyt][tidbyt-dev-url] has a process where a contributor forks the community development repository, creates a branch in the contributor's own fork, and then runs a pull request against their development branch. I am maintaining development in this repository and then copying code that is ready into a branch of the fork for the pull request.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Tidbyt has a specific license agreement for including an application in their community apps called the [Tidbyt Individual Contributor License Agreement][tidbyt-lic-url].

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

See the [open issues][repository-issues] for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- Built With -->
## Built With

* [Tidbyt][Tidbyt-url]
* [Tidbyt Dev/Pixlet][Tidbyt-dev-url]
* [Space Telescope Live][space-telescope-live]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Brian McLaughlin - bjmclaughlin@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/SpinStabilized/tidbyt-hubblelive][repository-url]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

* The [Tidbyt Team][tidbyt-url]
* The Tidbyt [community of developers][tidbyt-community-url]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

[repository-issues]: https://github.com/SpinStabilized/tidbyt-hubblelive/issues
[repository-url]: https://github.com/SpinStabilized/tidbyt-hubblelive
[tidbyt-community-url]: https://tidbyt.dev/docs/engage/community
[tidbyt-url]: https://tidbyt.com/
[tidbyt-dev-url]: https://tidbyt.dev/
[tidbyt-lic-url]: https://github.com/tidbyt/community/blob/main/docs/CLA.md
[tidbyt-community-repo]:[https://github.com/tidbyt/community]
[stsci]: https://www.stsci.edu/
[space-telescope-live]: https://spacetelescopelive.org/
[app-gif]: https://github.com/SpinStabilized/tidbyt-hubblelive/raw/main/hubble_live.gif

Commit message:

Update README.md with notice that the app is retired

README.md, after:

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->
<a name="readme-top"></a>

# Hubble Live Applet for Tidbyt

# IMPORTANT

This app has been retired and will soon no longer be available on the Tidbyt. The API is no longer available so the app can't display information. Leaving this repo here for archival purposes.

## Description
Presents the current observation status of the Hubble Space Telescope as provided by the [Space Telescope Science Institute][stsci] website, [Space Telescope Live][space-telescope-live].

![Hubble Live for Tidbyt][app-gif]

Check out the [Tidybt][tidbyt-url] for an awesome information display for your home. If you are intereasted in developing for the Tidbyt, check out the [Tidbyt Developers Page][tidbyt-dev-url].

[Tidbyt][tidbyt-dev-url] has a process where a contributor forks the community development repository, creates a branch in the contributor's own fork, and then runs a pull request against their development branch. I am maintaining development in this repository and then copying code that is ready into a branch of the fork for the pull request.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Tidbyt has a specific license agreement for including an application in their community apps called the [Tidbyt Individual Contributor License Agreement][tidbyt-lic-url].

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

See the [open issues][repository-issues] for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- Built With -->
## Built With

* [Tidbyt][Tidbyt-url]
* [Tidbyt Dev/Pixlet][Tidbyt-dev-url]
* [Space Telescope Live][space-telescope-live]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Brian McLaughlin - bjmclaughlin@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/SpinStabilized/tidbyt-hubblelive][repository-url]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

* The [Tidbyt Team][tidbyt-url]
* The Tidbyt [community of developers][tidbyt-community-url]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

[repository-issues]: https://github.com/SpinStabilized/tidbyt-hubblelive/issues
[repository-url]: https://github.com/SpinStabilized/tidbyt-hubblelive
[tidbyt-community-url]: https://tidbyt.dev/docs/engage/community
[tidbyt-url]: https://tidbyt.com/
[tidbyt-dev-url]: https://tidbyt.dev/
[tidbyt-lic-url]: https://github.com/tidbyt/community/blob/main/docs/CLA.md
[tidbyt-community-repo]:[https://github.com/tidbyt/community]
[stsci]: https://www.stsci.edu/
[space-telescope-live]: https://spacetelescopelive.org/
[app-gif]: https://github.com/SpinStabilized/tidbyt-hubblelive/raw/main/hubble_live.gif
